Refactor_Code_Accessibility
This is a refactored code that is meant to increase accessibility and best practices.

What I did: I made sure the order of the html code was matched in the CSS styling file. I combined the CSS sections to avoid repetition, and created classes for the same reason. I fixed the first header link to work properly by creating an id for the target section. I commented (maybe overcommented?) both the html and CSS files to detail each code section. I changed the image styling to be responsive to the window size. I increased the contrast on the right side aside to make it more readable for accessibility. I created alt attributes for the images for accessibility. I used Lighthouse to get an idea of where I was on accessibility. It was great to get it up to 100% but it broke my heart to see the performance go down. I created a concise title for the document.

What I learned: Google is awesome. I still need to work on understanding the general guidelines of structuring html and CSS files for readability. Try to stay out of crazy rabbit holes where you end up staring at your code so long you change it so much that it makes no sense anymore. Sometimes trying to oversimplify ends up overcomplicating. I need to figure out how to use more semantic elements. How does this meta viewport thing work? I tried it and it just makes everything worse. I must be missing something. We can have images directly in CSS for background - Whaaaaaat? It took me forever to find it.
